add vundle info (#1)
gdetrez/vim-gf: README.md

Installation
------------

> If you use pathogen to manage your vim plugins, you can add this repository as a submodule in ~/.vim/bundle/, and if you use Vundle you can add it by adding 'Plugin 'gdetrez/vim-gf'' in .vimrc and running VundleInstall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use pathogen to manage your vim plugins, you can add this repository as a submodule in ~/.vim/bundle/, and if you use Vundle you can add it by adding `Plugin 'gdetrez/vim-gf'` in .vimrc and running VundleInstall.
```
